user/pages/02.about/_bottom/text.md, before:


I am a 24 year old South London girl with a love for travel and the outdoors. I trained as a Book Artist & Designer at LCC, graduating in 2013. For my final major project I set up a little pop-up shop selling things I created from my ridiculous collection of craft supplies after reading a book about hoarding and seeing lots of hoarding tendencies in myself. Although the project really only encouraged me to buy more craft supplies (I think I might be beyond help!), I had a lot of fun doing it and was inspired to start this blog.

Now my work life is as varied as my collection of buttons: I work as a freelance designer, an illustrator's agent for [Phosphor Art](http://www.phosphorart.com/), help out start-up ice cream company [Drunken Dairy](http://drunkendairy.co.uk) (yes we DO make alcoholic ice cream!!) and am also a certified Girl Gang member at the super fun subscription box service [Lucky Dip Club](http://www.luckydipclub.com).

It sounds like a cliché but I have always been crafty. As a child I would decorate my doll's house with wallpaper samples I collected from our local hardware shop and rugs I made from fabric sample books. In my teenage years I very much enjoyed ripping up jeans and covering them in bleach or making pillow cases into skirts (Obviously I looked super cool!). So I thought it would be a good idea to create a place where I can share my crafty activities and hopefully clear some space in my house which currently resembles a branch of Hobbycraft after an earthquake. Please follow along, create, and connect with me! 

If you're interested in working with me then please email me at zabbyallen@gmail.com or head over to the [contact page](/contact). Thank you!

![](../../images/hr-pencils.jpg)
​ 

_Disclaimer: Unless otherwise stated all images belong to me and I will do my best to credit all outsourced images and link back to the original source. Please remember to credit me if you'd like to share my images and I'll do the same for you!_

Commit message:

Add zab's updated about page copy

user/pages/02.about/_bottom/text.md, after:


I’m a freelance designer from London with a love of bright colours and all things crafty. Check our my online shop to see what I’ve been creating lately. Most of my prints and products aim to raise money for various charities. Creativity runs through all that I do, when I’m not creating my own work I am an illustrator’s agent for [Phosphor Art](http://www.phosphorart.com/), helping artists around the world land their dream commissions. I’m also the editor of Girl Planet, a small publication which encourages creativity and celebrates kick-ass girls around the world - it goes out to over 1000 subscribers every month in [Lucky Dip Club](http://www.luckydipclub.com) boxes. 


Interested in collaborating or commissioning something? [Get in touch!](/contact) 



![](../../images/hr-pencils.jpg)
​ 

_Disclaimer: Unless otherwise stated all images belong to me and I will do my best to credit all outsourced images and link back to the original source. Please remember to credit me if you'd like to share my images and I'll do the same for you!_
